So now let's try to evaluate what this LLM test case data is currently holding for us.
So if you just go and see the data of zero dot probably retrieved context, you will notice that we
have got the retrieved context for the question.
So for example the question data of zero dot input is the actual question.
And if I am going to ask what is the let's say print this one and print a slash n of slash n.
And then I also wanted to print the data of zero dot the retrieved context.
So what is the retrieved context from our vector store?
If I try to print them both together, you should see that this is the.
So for what is the playwright and what browser does it support?
It says playwright is a modern automation testing library and it supports multiple browsers like chromium,
blah blah blah.
So this is the context which I'm getting over here.
And I can also see what is the response which came through from our large language model.
And that is actually sitting as a response, which is the the context that you are seeing over here.
Right?
Like the actual output, as you can see that the rag output over here.
So I'm going to say actual sorry print of the uh, data of zero dot actual output.
Uh, and if I try to print that, you should see that this is coming from the large language model is
in the QA chain.
Playwright is a modern automation library tool designed for the end to end testing.
It supports multiple browsers, including chromium, Firefox, and WebKit.
There we go.
So pretty close to all of these are aligned.
So I think this should be fine for our, uh, evaluation that we are going to be doing right now with
a deep valve.
So let's see how we can trigger the evaluation right now.
So in order for us to do the evaluation.
So I'm going to say uh evaluation and with deep eval.
So this is the place we're going to do the evaluation.
So I'm going to add the code over here.
And I'm going to say deep eval dot.
There is a method called as evaluate.
And over here I'm going to pass the data that we have got.
And I need to pass all the metrics.
This is the same kind of code that we use with our ragas as well.
While we are trying to do the evaluation, we used to pass the data set and we pass all the metrics.
Same idea, but only thing is we need to pass the large language model over here, um, which is the
OpenAI model.
That is the only major difference.
So we need to pass the OpenAI key over here to make this happen.
If not, the code is not going to work.
I will show you what I really mean about that.
So the metrics over here, I'm going to say, uh, deep eval dot metrics.
So you can either import this like how I'm doing over here.
Uh, and then you can just say, uh, answer relevance metrics for that matter.
Right.
And similarly if I'm going to ask other questions, or other matrices like faithful matrix.
So I want to say about dot matrix, dot uh faithful matrix.
And similarly if I want to ask the contextual uh, precision matrix, I can do that as well.
Uh, and if I want to do the contextual recall matrix, I can get that.
And if I want to get the relevance matrix, I'm going to ask all of these because I'm going to be using
the open AI model this time.
That's why I mean there is nothing called as uh, like, uh, lm as such, like how you can pass in
our, uh, ragas over here is a bit tied with the, uh, with the open AI model.
So even if I try to pass, like, LM, uh, over here, uh, is equal to LM or whatever, and if you
try to run this, this is not going to work because there is nothing called as LMS the property.
So you can't just do that over here.
Now, if I try to run this particular code, you will notice that it is going to not ask you for the
GPT four model.
Uh, it's trying to use the GPT four model, but there is no API key, and it is just going to abruptly
fail because the the API key is wrong.
And as you can see, this is the API key which it's currently showing.
So I need to add the API key for this particular execution.
Uh, and then I should run all of these from the scratch.
And I will do that immediately.
Right now, uh, and I'm going to rerun all of these from the scratch because, um, it will not I mean,
unless until I restart the notebook, these things is not just going to work for me.
So I'm going to run everything from the scratch right now.
And it says that the datasets are test testing.
Two datasets already exist because it's trying to push from the scratch.
Do you want to overwrite?
So I'm going to just say no because I don't want to overwrite the existing data set in the, uh, deep
evolve cloud.
So I'm just going to put that guy as it is.
Look at that.
The notebook is just running for me.
All of them, one by one.
Which is great.
Um, the rag operation is running.
It took like 14 seconds last time.
Now 12 seconds, which is great.
And now the evaluation is running.
Hopefully this time it is going to work.
Oh, look at that.
It is working fine this time.
Uh, which is great.
Yeah, there is this.
This happened to me last time as well.
It says OpenAI rate limit exceeded and retrying.
12345.
Uh, it happens sometimes if your test is not matching to the actual versus expected.
Um, then yeah, this this kind of issue happens.
But but that's fine.
Uh, we will see the end of the result is just going to be, uh, okay.
So yeah, there we go.
14% is completed.
There is one more test running like the evaluating seven test cases in parallel.
So it's keep working.
So make sure while you run this test guys you need to have the OpenAI API key.
If you don't really have it you can't really use this particular, matrices.
Anyways, there we go.
Its execution is successful over here.
As you can see, there is a summary of all those details coming up for all the test cases, which you
can see from the text editor over here.
It's just going to show for all the test cases, but you can actually see in a more visual way over
here as you can see.
So this is the test.
Or over here like the test case of zero is passed, one is passed, but two is failing because I'm asking
what is network interception playwright.
But the actual output is like network interception.
Player allows you to monitor, modify or block network request made by the web page during the testing.
This feature is useful for debugging and ensuring that your application behaves correctly, but the
expected output that I have proposed is the network interception.
Playwright allows the user to modify, block or inspect network request and response, enabling better
control over API calls and testing.
So what's happening over here is the contextual relevance is pretty low compared to what that has been
outputted by the large language model.
And that that's why it looks like this is failing.
But you see that this is the relevance context, which is, uh, which is coming out from the, uh,
from the actual, uh, retrieval context from our rag over there.
Uh, and similarly, there is one more failure.
And this is like abruptly failing.
It's like, does playwright have any native test runner unlike selenium?
It says playwright primarily designed for automation, library end to end, blah blah blah.
And it has a built in.
It does not comes with a native test runner or something.
Other tools have like like cypress, which is completely wrong.
Playwright does have the native test runner and it is not there.
So what it does mean to us over here is that at the moment, our large language model does not have
any such information, uh, to, to give us this particular response over here.
So we need to have our actual output, uh, which is either correctly trained by our Rag system or maybe,
uh, our data that we have supplied is not sufficient.
So we have to now train our large language model with sufficient information so that it can give us
the output.
Like this.
Like, yes, playwright has a native test runner called Playwright Test, which handles the test creation
and execution.
Unlike selenium, which relies on JUnit and unit X unit for test execution.
So this is the expected output.
But for some reason the actual output is not coming up over here.
And that's because our actual data that we have given while we were training our large language model,
uh, with a rag that we have given the input, which is this one over here is not sufficient because
it doesn't really tell us anywhere about the test runner.
Uh, in this particular detail, as you can see over here, I have not really given that I have made
this explicitly because I wanted to see the failure over here, and we can fix this particular problem.
And the same thing happens for the test case five as well.
So now in our next lecture, we will see how we can fix these kinds of problems that we get uh, and
how we can make sure that these codes work fine as expected.